[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is jeff ramsey
and with me as always andrew penn and
gavin free this is episode
one one three
season
year three um chapter one and who else
is here who did i say well he said he
said andrew gavin i'm gonna be honest i
was this was this fella in the 30 i
wasn't listening oh ni i guess nick and
eric are here thanks for showing up
[__] gavin
this is arguably worse than your first
one uh i was trying to get a badly i was
trying to get someone to serve it up and
i was telling you something about myself
and i spiked it into the ground all
right uh hold on let's try again no
nobody has always gathered free andrew
now of course nick is always here no
look you showed up today eric good to
see you buddy oh you kind of said it in
the yeah you didn't you didn't said it
you just followed through
with this let's see if we got gavin and
andrew as always and then of course nick
and oh eric
no that's still you i don't think yeah i
think it's still i think you're still
too much in one you're still missing
okay okay okay
my name is my name is jeff ramsey and
with me as always gavin free uh andrew
panton uh
nick and eric
look who decided to show up
thanks audrey you're welcome i got you
i was like pulling teeth that was worse
than the first one
i don't know
i was rather so i thought we didn't
mention it
i was
so excited
and i noticed no one gave it to me
oh
god
episode 113 i believe
oh right yeah yeah yeah he did that
already anyway yeah so you dick got shot
by a laser or something i don't know how
to do this works what happened uh oh you
talking about my i got a vasectomy okay
uh i got what's tonight thursday i got
it on tuesday morning and uh let me tell
you it's no big deal they said it was
nothing to be worried about uh i will
tell you what
i made one mistake uh so if i can
provide a little bit of uh
knowledge for any perspective
vasectomies
uh the the way it went down is by the
way i was in and out in 45 minutes like
it is such a non-event um
i you go like they gave me a valium to
take i took a valium and then they were
like
you should be good to go now just lay on
this table and i was like oh there's
nothing else and they're like well you
could have laughing gas
and i was like that sounds great i'll do
that and they go well it's 95
and i was like cool i'll take three
i was like just [__] i'll just
give me give me an order of seven
laughing gas then uh so anyway i stick a
little laughing gas through my mouth and
then uh then i was just having a good
time
uh here's what i will say everything
went fine the doctor was really cool uh
the urologist he talked a lot about jet
skiing actually on lake austin so we had
jet skiing to talk about uh but then at
one point he goes man you did a really
shitty job shaving your balls and he
didn't say it in a like a funny way he
was like really agitated and so i guess
and i was like oh man was that [__]
terrible
yeah we were supposed to shave the area
and i thought i did but uh i'm not to
his uh not to his specifications so
here's what i say if you're gonna get a
vasectomy shave your balls really well
because they don't like it they get
annoyed so what was the issue you just
missed big clumps or it was like two the
stubble was too long i guess it's double
i don't know i didn't get into it i mean
i was on a valium and having gas and and
he was like he had like
you know he'd cut my dick open and had
tubes in it and stuff so
um
yeah so that that's the hardest part of
the hardest part about getting a
vasectomy is the appropriate uh
that you fee you hear from the urologist
if you don't shave shave your balls well
so shave it it's so hard to shave the
balls i don't know how you can i don't
know how to do it right apparently i
don't either
so i can provide you with no guidance
did you get a wet shave or just a little
buzz i shaved in the shower with a
straight razor
i don't like to use the buzzers because
they always like straight razors and
hurt
it's like like a face razor yeah
okay that's different not like a cut
throat bobbitt not like you're just yeah
no you're hotting your balls yeah i'm
not gonna yeah exactly
this isn't gangs of new york
i always think of that scene in the
peter pan disney thing where like smee
is shaving the seagull by accident with
that cutthroat razor you know what about
no
like the old animated one yeah it's like
set on captain hook's towel and he
thinks it's his head and then the
seagull flies off and he thinks his head
went oh that's familiar yeah it's a
great i loved it as a child i was just
imagining jeff like toweling up his his
balls with a warm towel again
crack it on with a cut throat
i'll tell you what is a little weird is
uh i can feel the stitches in my balls
depending on how i sit and
they're not painful but it's it's just a
weird feeling try to avoid feeling like
stitches yeah there it is
i don't think i've seen that in like 20
years
it kind of there's a little bit of balls
imagery yeah as well the way it
it looks like balls clearly doing a
better job than i did what a weird thing
for your brain to remember to just have
that ready to go
i don't know where i plucked that
from so
is there was i'm going to be honest is
70 i wasn't listening for that is the
laser involved you get zapped i don't
think so no laser i feel like i've heard
the laser option before i'll be honest
it was explained to me a bunch but i
don't i don't oh
a lot of information
that's fair i was probably like here's
what happened they explained the process
to me at the time and i thought that
makes sense that seems safe that's
acceptable i no longer need to remember
this process and so i know that i have
an incision on my unlike my shaft about
the just where my shaft of my balls
touch that's got like five stitches in
it and uh i know they went in there and
they they did something to my vast
deference i think they like
cut it in half and cauterize it or put
like some titanium caps on it like like
the little ringlets that are on your
shoelaces or whatever
yeah and uh something along those lines
and now i don't make babies anymore but
i gotta jizz 60 times first so and i
can't i can't residue yeah you gotta
jizz like 30 times and then give them a
sample and then
just another 20 to 30 times and then
give them a second sample
and i'm not supposed to get an erection
for
another like six days so oh cause it's
bad for the skin well i think you just
don't
i mean
i think you might pull or tug or do
something i don't think you're supposed
to be using those parts while they heal
up on the inside too so um but i also
haven't felt like
uh
in a few moments but yeah
but for the most part it's yeah you
don't want to rip a stitch for the nick
says for the most part you're just like
honestly sitting on the couch with with
uh like frozen peas on my nuts
wait so you have to wait a week before
you have to start taking the shots yeah
they want you to what they want you to
wake up they want you to wait about
eight to 14 days before you start
popping off
and you got to be real gentle that's
what you also uh it's also like no jet
skiing for at least a month
no bike riding
holy [__] i forgot i got a [__] jet
skiing story to tell you dude
so so sunday i went jet skiing impromptu
jet skiing when it was 113 degrees
outside because emily and i were bored
to death and we realized we were like
she was like you're not gonna be able
jet ski again for like another five or
six weeks and i was like hey that's a
really good point uh because i won't be
able to you know slam on my nuts
and she was like let's do you want to
just like get one last jet ski in before
you can't go anymore and i was like
let's [__] go so we raced down there
uh we knew it was gonna be hot it was
brutal uh it was actually the least fun
i've ever had jet skiing uh i still had
fun but it was just like so many people
out there and it was so choppy and hot
and it was just like couldn't get going
couldn't go faster than like 30 the
whole time gav because it was so it was
so choppy like i've never usually like
the cool thing about jet skis is if it's
like really choppy at like 20 30 miles
an hour you get up to 50 and it just
kind of glo goes over all that smooth
yeah it was not like that it was it was
not doable um so it's actually a little
stressful but
here's a [__] crazy jet ski story
dude when we pull up and we and you know
the the dude shows up uh with four four
or six jet skis on a trailer and then
you like have the conversations you sign
the paperwork and then he like puts you
on jet skis and throws you in the water
well the jet ski that you used the last
time gavin in the high five video that
jet ski yeah was
[__] up it was on the it was on the uh
it was on the trailer and the handlebars
were like hanging off to the side and
the front was all dented in and it just
looked like part of the engine was like
hanging off and it looked [__] someone
wrecked my jet ski and emily goes oh my
god what happened what happened to that
jet ski and he goes ugh yesterday we had
a whole [__] thing apparently
some people rented the jet skis
and uh they
were trying listen listen he this is
insane first off
they got into a mid-air collision
going 40 miles an hour oh no
and they said yeah we don't understand
it this is what the jet ski guy told us
he was like yeah they said like yeah we
were only going about 40 when we hit so
we didn't think it'd be that bad uh i
don't know if you've ever been in a jet
ski 40 miles an hour on a jet ski that's
very [__] fast uh and they the way
they the way they did this was
apparently they were jumping on the same
wake like on the same wave and at 40
miles an hour so they were that close to
each other so they were on the same wave
and so the the wave pushed them together
in the air and they collided and one of
them broke their [__] arm and they
had to be like pulled out of the water
and like medevaced out oh jesus that
could have been us no because we're not
idiots i mean we're close we go when we
do high fives we do it at a high five
miles an hour
[Laughter]
we do it we're at a speed where the only
other person who might be excited that
we high fived on jet skis goes yeah
pretty under
yeah i i don't want to make light of
this because it sounds like somebody was
mysteriously hurt but the entire time i
was just waiting for a swan attack to be
responsible
i looked all over for the swan it wasn't
around i was probably too hot for the
swan but yeah like i so there is proof
right there uh hitting each other at 40
miles an hour uh
not a good idea
what about 35
uh that's we'll have to find out well 30
35 seems much safer
that's crazy 40. i can't believe they're
alive collided in the air at 40 miles an
hour and just dis ridiculous avoid that
[__] jet ski dude i wonder what the
angle was
it was
the other one seemed fine i mean i rode
the other one and it was totally fine so
yeah that's what happened to uh hulk
hogan in baywatch macho man almost
killed him they're riding off the same
wave and they went up above and much man
landed on hulk hogan he got knocked
knocked unconscious
pamela anderson saved hulk hogan i think
it was probably similar to that yeah
yeah i guess if we need a visual
recreation of probably what happened
baywatch is our source we got this
the wrestler you go you go to the
experts yes
speaking of vehicles i meant to ask this
and the last one we recorded do you have
a car now jeff
yeah i got my car okay your car's good
it didn't get crashed again on the way
no the one the one crash
was was the only crash
although i will say those [__]
uh it's like it couldn't be any further
away from me in austin like the absolute
ass into town
and uh so i i uh
i made them bring it to me because i was
like you guys [__] wrecked my car you
can bring it to me and they're like okay
so they bring it to me they're actually
nice about it i appreciate it and then i
got a call like
or i got a text like two days later and
they go hey we just realized uh we have
all your tennis balls we're really sorry
about that we took him out of the trunk
i guess and we forgot to put him back in
so i ran and checked and sure enough all
my tennis balls are gone i have like 60
tennis balls in my trunk because you
know i play tennis and uh my rackets are
still there thank god uh and he goes do
you want us to bring him by and i go
well yeah obviously i want my [__]
tennis balls he's like okay and then i
didn't hear anything but for like five
days and then i get another text and the
guy goes hey uh we're real busy i'm real
sorry i don't know when we're going to
be able to get those tennis balls to you
you want
uh and i was like uh just bring them
when you can i'm not driving down there
it's your [__] up
and they're like oh well
we'll see when we can we'll try to
figure something out and i'm like see
that you do thank you being firm putting
your foot down wreck my car and steal my
tennis balls
no
no sir that's a lot of tennis balls it
is it seems like i i've played tennis i
feel like i'd never have more than six
well what you can do is when you start
tennis you can go to a place like play
it again sports in austin and buy a
whole bunch of used tennis balls got it
okay that's what i did i greatly
misunderstood tennis when i first
started playing i started playing when i
was like i don't know six or something
like that and i thought power it was all
about power not it's the opposite of
what you want i was playing it like it
was baseball and so i just hit it as
hard as i could every time it came to me
i was like you with the baseballs jeff i
was hitting them at the court i was just
hitting them as fast and as hard as i
could
fly out they hated me
i didn't play properly at all i just i
would hit them out of the court be like
yeah i did it great job i got so proud
of myself do you still play i haven't
played in a long time no i don't
actively play
does that answer your question probably
probably wouldn't do you any favors for
the uh for the marathon no would not be
helpful yeah you gotta yeah work on
those ankles do you protect those angles
man you gotta protect the thing yeah i
gotta put the the bubble wrap gotta
bubble wrap everything bubble wrap the
court um
i wonder how
long you run in a game like tennis like
if you track that what the average
distance is yeah total distance
i imagine soccer would be the largest
total distant moves per game yeah it's
going to be several miles you'd think
yeah
i'd love to know how much like a star
soccer player runs and distance in a
season how many marathons they do it
seems like google could probably answer
that yeah probably i just never
considered it what do you think the the
opposite of that is in the sports world
the least amount of movement darts is
pretty good curling
there's a person that doesn't they slide
uh bowling
um
golf is probably the the most distance
with least effort
going from place to place
yeah and you're just walking down
tennis match four to five miles wow
volleyball no volleyball movement in
that no no tetherball i meant tetherball
i said volleyball i meant tetherball oh
yeah there's not not a whole hell of a
lot of movement in tetherball what
that's just the ball in the string yeah
we're asked to go around you're trying
to get it
hey gavin i just remembered i was
supposed to ask this last episode i
wrote it down um how are your cpap farts
going and have you recorded any uh no
well i didn't take it to england um
so i immediately voided all of my
insurance oh no
because it took me over there not that i
finished any full nights anyway but i
just thought because i've cause i am now
paying for it i haven't bothered to use
it again yet i'm gonna try a full a full
face mask instead of the uh
just under the nose one that was the
suggestion from a lot of the sea papa's
out there the super paws oh please keep
us updated i had a situation
the other day where i was trying to
crawl out of bed at these bathrooms so
it's trying to like crawl out of bed and
not make too much noise so i'm crawling
out of bed and every
every literal crawl down i'm like you
know what i'm gonna be quiet i'm gonna
be very selective every time i move
backwards i farted and it sounded like a
duck call it was so loud but also like
short and it happened four times in a
row it was disastrous it was the last
just keep doing it well no because i was
trying to move out of bed i wasn't on
purpose just every time i moved a duck
call came out it was like it was blowing
a duck whistle of my ass as i was trying
to get out of bed it was very loud it
was not sneaky at all but it made me
think yeah the loud farts so wait you're
you're four backwards crawls away from
getting out of bed
uh
yeah i guess yeah i was to get from the
top to the bottom yeah
oh cause you're you're starting up
pillow mountain yeah because i'm on top
of mountain i need to descend i need to
acclimate so there's a little pause two
down
three five to get down the mountain and
one to get out of it yeah exactly
yeah it was four i just remember four
duck calls did you wake anyone up uh
probably almost certainly i did but yeah
there's no
that's the biggest problems in your life
just navigating your room
not dark at night
quietly
i'm disappointed i wish there were more
farts in your life i was enjoying this
made me happy there's certain things
[__]
that's great i hope it i i mean i hope
it works for you as your friend uh but
there's also 20 of me that hopes it's
somehow worse just 20.
just 20. yeah man there's something
wrong with me okay
well there are certain things
certain failings that exist in the world
that make me happy to know that they're
there because i can just assume that
they've happened like you
i'm assuming you still haven't fixed if
your doorbell rings while you're sitting
on your toilet but it can't flush like
that that's just a thing that exists in
the world that keeps me happy i might be
having like a tough moment and then i'll
think about the fact you might be
sitting on a toilet right now that is
unflushable
that's great
i love that as well that wasn't what
jeff's dream was about
no
no not at all my dream was just about
dis like you being mad at me because i i
inconvenienced you by knocking on the
door at the wrong time of the day
i saw an interesting comment what would
your reaction be if jeff actually did
that gavin if he was there way too early
for no reason and woke you up
what do you
yeah real life what would your reaction
be uh i'd just be concerned i think you
think you'd be annoyed no i wouldn't be
annoyed i'd be like oh
never going to happen
never
not a
concern huh yeah i'd probably be like oh
someone's died that would be your
assumption if jeff showed up to your
house early that somebody's dead hey man
i'm here at your house to let you know
somebody died
[Music]
well i wanted to see what i'm getting i
could have called
[Laughter]
i feel like if my phone rings i want to
see i want to break your heart face to
face
yeah that's a weird
that's a weird move to say somebody's
dead
well i mean who just shows up
unannounced anyway uh have a good day
i'll see you later yeah
i gotta try
also here's this cucumber somebody left
[Laughter]
is this here
i don't want to do i don't hm that
sounds terrible i hate this thing that
you've created
i don't think i would go to i
fortunately have not had to tell anybody
that anyone has died that's not true
that actually isn't true i have had to
do but i didn't have to knock on a door
i don't want to travel to do that no you
didn't nobody's making you
i think it's a phone call yeah
i think yeah definitely phone call but
do you leave a message
if it goes to voicemail
is that messageable or do you have to be
talking to the person i think it's like
hey hey gab it's jeff um
i know you're probably busy right now
but i really need to talk to you uh so
if you could call me back when you get a
chance
okay so you're not saying the person is
dead in the voicemail
to get to talk yeah hey gab it's jeff uh
i got some weird news about andrew call
me back
is it weird news
that's that's by far the worst it's like
what is that gonna be
it's definitely bad but it's weird i
like the delivery of like what was was
it lame beer the guy in office space
that's like yeah you're gonna have to
come in on the weekend like the way you
deliver that is the same
yeah somebody uh
died that you know
so anyway
uh if you're free to jet ski on tuesday
or thursday anyway it's been forever
since we had dinner together
that place we love did you see that
document that um
i think it ended up in the red in the
subreddit for face but it was like a
reddit combined list of like setup words
and i'll just post the thing on the
slack i don't know what you're talking
about i have no idea what you're talking
about it's basically like on one column
you've got words like dumb and like [__]
and dick and on the top you got like oh
bag and basically like face is like a
very popular combination on that grid
but i i just i just looked at that grid
and i thought this is a great
opportunity to create some new insults
based on the least um combined
you could like
out of this grid you can pull
insults like
scum wit and dirt hat and wank clown or
dip goblin i think they're all
massively underused in socks now
from eric
it's always weird what people actually
do like how some words are just meant
for other words and that's it
yeah i i really like scumwit
[Music]
maybe we're uh maybe we're like an
insult invention podcast now maybe we
just invent new insults it's difficult
i'm worried with this idea existing with
the sock idea i don't need socks that
say that we don't want to popularize
oh should this be the word grid
two at a time from smee
yeah
honey where's my piss [__] socks
[Laughter]
i'm never wearing the pistol i've got
that important dinner tonight
they're cursed
every time i wear my piss [__] socks
somebody knocks on my door and says
someone's died
[Laughter]
first time i thought it was unfortunate
but twice
i've much better luck with my trump
nozzle socks
oh
what a weird i i really
i really think that there's something to
these socks
the soul yeah i know you do
there's zero doubt that you do that was
never in question
you're all about the socks
this is an interesting episode to record
because this will
this will come out two weeks from now i
believe okay i think the last one is
next week right and and this
this upcoming week gavin and iron
survive block island and we won't be
able to talk about it for quite a while
but there are things that could happen
in that show
that could impact how we interact with
each other going forward for some amount
of time you mean it may affect our
friendship going forward temporarily
well i don't know about forever i do
you think so i'm counting on it this is
i think it's sort of an interesting
point to like let me ask you honestly
right now before it all starts are you
going to stab me in the back no
this is my belief and we'll see what
happens i have no intention on stabbing
you in the back
i don't think we'll
i don't think we'll be on the same teams
would be my guess
so we'd have to make merch in my
assumption for for us to play together
but i have no intention on stabbing you
in the back but feel like you will
probably stab me in the back out of the
assumption that i plan on stabbing you
in the back that is my prediction hmm i
feel like i'm quite trustworthy as a
friend
yeah i gotta i gotta
step in and say that in the grand scheme
of things i think andrew is gonna stab
gavin in the back 11 times before gavin
considers doing it once
no i think i'd i'll have a knife in my
back before i know what the teams are
yeah that's absolutely not true um
i just wanna like
this is gonna be clipped out later when
andrew inevitably stabs
and i just want everyone to listen to
the way andrew set up everything
this is his belief he has no intention
he thinks gavin might betray him because
gavin thinks that andrew's going to be
the one who betrays it it is all set up
for andrew to have
these outs
it is all
it is all predicated on well i didn't
think that i wouldn't maybe think about
trying to even do it once maybe
incredible also something to consider
uh
is this is you guys are filming this
next week and if you're uh uninformed in
the audience of what we're talking about
uh rooster teeth makes a a show
in minecraft that's essentially survivor
the tv show survivor but uh
performed in the video game minecraft
and shot like a like a reality tv show
like exactly like
uh
[Music]
survivor is and it's brilliant but we're
gonna shoot it next week it's not coming
out until like september or october or
sometime so
the hardest thing on earth is gonna be
you two are not gonna be able to talk
about what happens at all in any
capacity so if you have beefs you're
going to have to talk around them
because you can not spoil the integrity
of that show two or three months before
it comes out no seems like a problem for
whoever edits this podcast yes it does
um nick said uh oh oh well i mean no
spoilers at this we're just talking
about things and i want to clarify my i
genuinely i'm going into this
not expecting to even consider betraying
you gavin but who knows what'll happen i
understand if it goes the other way for
you too
it's a game where you have to kind of
adjust there's a lot of other people who
will be much better to betray
yeah for sure like that's what i'm
saying i want to work with you in my
ideal world we're working together
until a point in which one of us
probably will end up betraying the other
but i would i i wouldn't be opposed to
working with you the entire way
that's nice to hear yeah and i don't
your tone i don't feel like you believe
me
well i've gotta be wary of it
so you were so [__]
no [__] no
the opposite of that
yeah
there are other people i i won't say
there are other people i'm much more
worried about than gavin i don't mean
that disrespectfully but this is you
know let's take a let's take a poll of
people who are not gonna be in survive
block island but that are present here
on this podcast uh that'll be jeff
nick and eric uh eric is uh andrew gonna
[__] evan over uh yes i think i think
again the way he just
gave himself a million outs when he was
saying he wouldn't do it is so
just exactly on the nose for what you
know is going to happen so yeah
yeah nick says uh you're already doomed
100 he will [__] gavin over that's my
problem
i feel like nick said it better than i
could uh yeah but that's why i think
gavin's going to betray me because i i
don't feel that way which is why you're
going to betray him first hmm
that's typically not how this is your
doubt is going to drive the knife
straight into my spine no and your
paranoia you get pretty paranoid
who does
you do i do you think i get paranoid
definitely every time you see him you
were gonna [__] light every bat on
fire in your house when there was a
shipping error
it's not an either or we can both be
very paranoid i'm 100 paranoid i
understand paranoia that's how i know
you're paranoid that's fair and based
off of my assessment of your paranoia i
will take your your grant
you seem like a specialist
i will accept your diagnosis of paranoia
it's a very paranoid game but i trust
i don't and i don't mean this rudely
gavin i don't think you're gonna play a
sneaky game because i just don't think
that that's really who you are as a
person all right that's why i want to
work with you but as a response it's
very it's a very keep your cards to your
chest response i don't know how to read
that i'm glad you feel that way now that
can we get some discussion about that
phrasing
that that's not like that's that's
gavin's the hairs on the back of gavin's
neck are standing straight up right now
i think he's already in self-defense mud
i don't think
that's gonna be fun i'm i'm excited for
that to happen
and it will be weird to not be able to
talk about it for like two months
i feel bad because i keep texting jeff
about it i keep i have all these
questions i feel like i'm annoying
it's not annoying me at all i love it
but
andrew does put me to work he'll be like
hey
what if this impossible set of
uh sequence of events happened would i
get in trouble and i have to go like
well i have to go research that now and
have to go [__] look it up is anybody
outside the game oh yeah come on every
question is like yeah for sure it was
like like i'm not trying to break the
rules but i would like to twist them
into a pretzel
well
[Laughter]
the the very first text i sent i was
like i said to jeff who i have questions
about certain things who would i ask uh
if i have a rules question jeff was kind
enough to be like ah you know i was
involved feel free to ask me and i can
answer you answered in a way that was
very clearly like you expecting to be
able to answer something kind of basic
and i asked you an extremely specific
situation thing and your response was
just [__] i'll get back to you like you
then have to ask somebody
yeah well i had to go i had to go have a
meeting about that question
with two other people so we could
determine the answer
[Applause]
now a word from our sponsor better help
being able to take care of your mental
health is so important there's all sorts
of things you can do it really is
dependent on you i personally love to
listen to music when i'm sorting through
things it kind of
gives me a little bit of a disconnect
from what i'm going through while also
making me very present it's just a
fantastic tool therapy is something that
has been very helpful for me there's all
sorts of things you can do it's just
really coming up with those systems that
work for for what you're going through
and what's best for you therapy is
something that i've talked so much about
as having a tremendous impact on my life
talking to someone and sorting through
things it just
it has illuminated issues i had and
helped inform
why i was struggling in certain ways
that uh i didn't realize
if you're somebody who is maybe going
through something i would always
recommend at least trying therapy and
better help is an online therapy that
offers video phone and even live chat
only therapy sessions so you don't have
to see anyone on camera if you don't
want to it's much more affordable than
in-person therapy and you can be matched
with a therapist in under 48 hours
our listeners get 10 off their first
month at betterhelp.com
face
that's better h-e-l-p-com
whether you're a past smoker who knows
what sucked about the process of
quitting or current smoker who's
currently struggling through that
process other thing you have to check
out it's called fume fume is the natural
inhaler designed for a better safer and
natural way to quit cigarettes it's a no
smoke no vape and no nicotine
replacement for the hand-to-mouth habit
of smoking
fume handcrafts wooden inhalers and uses
cores and fuse with plant oils studied
to curb cravings they have flavors like
peppermint and conker with minty notes
to simulate menthol cigarettes and other
flavors like cozy chai and lemon berry
bliss for a sweeter experience and all
of their flavors are 100 natural no
harmful chemicals no artificial flavors
and absolutely no nicotine quitting is
tough but fume really can't help they've
got thousands of five-star reviews from
smokers who have tried everything else
and this worked
also if you're somebody who flies all
the time being able to use fume in the
airport and in the air makes a huge
difference
whether you're a smoker or an ex-smoker
who still struggles with cravings fume
is the perfect tool for you so head to
breathefume.com face and use promo code
face to save ten percent off your entire
order that's ten percent off your entire
order when you head to b r e a t h e f u
m dot com slash face and use code face
oh did you did you guys see um oh put
this in this like the uh the screen
matched baseball i did that's so cool
how cool i felt wild
someone has taken from that the big uh
baseball video the the one that i was
intending to post on the youtube channel
before the other two got posted
but someone found i think the very first
ball that jeff signed and they have it
and they've held their ball up to the
screen
and it's their exact same mark
giant monster hands yeah we sold that
one to a giant apparently but uh yeah
yeah that is the ball
yeah that's pretty wild
baseball looks like a small plum and
it does it looks very tidy do we have
any other videos that were meant to come
out that have i guess the uh auction
video comes out tomorrow or yeah i think
so it'll be out by the time people hear
this but tomorrow for us when we're
currently recording and then of course
mvp2 at some point and then mvp2 at some
point
you want to spend the next half hour
trying to schedule it i got time now now
it's not the last one it's a [__]
podcast yeah we got another time i would
eric but i wanted to uh i wanted to give
you guys an update on my corn dogs okay
update i still haven't had a corndog
what that's it yeah i remember i swore
off corn dogs forever everything while i
give you guys an update and uh
they're still sworn off yeah i still
haven't had one
you st wait
so
you yes i've said this multiple we had
this conversation multiple times i said
i would have i remember dog again as
long as i lived thank you gavin and you
still haven't had one that's you still
haven't had one just yeah just giving
you the update okay was there a moment
in which you almost did no no not really
but i just realized i hadn't checked in
with you guys in a while and i just
didn't want to leave you hanging uh
emily did buy some corndog frozen corn
dogs the other day but i was not in any
way tempted by them did she have some
yeah she had some i think no they just
threw them away
if they're in the freezer it doesn't
mean they've had him yet that's true
but like are you really buying corn dogs
for a later day
do you eat stuff like that you freeze
the same week i feel like the freezer
absolutely long-term meal no if i'm
buying something from the freezer
section that doesn't mean i'm gonna wait
for it it's just how it's delivered i
got a red baron in mine that's probably
been in there six weeks that's crazy i
bought two frozen pizzas they will be
done that i will eat them within the
week easily
nah i guess i'm like wasting the freezer
though i gotta go with gathered on this
one
the full point of the freezer is to
it's to preserve but i'm buying food
that is frozen to reheat to eat now
i'm not i don't go into the
i mean if you're getting it right now
why buy it frozen no because that's how
it is now when you eat it that's always
the case no no no no no no no you listen
stupid let me let me rephrase this
because i said it horribly i said it in
a dumb way if i'm in the freezer section
in a grocery store i'm not looking in
the pizza aisle going i'm gonna [__]
enjoy this in june or december like i'm
not gonna what do you mean i buy it
because i plan on eating it because i
feel like a pizza and i'll have it
within the week typically yeah why would
you buy me now why would you buy a
frozen one you could go buy like uh yeah
fresh you could just
because it's the fresh one it's like a
grocery store pizza and like they're
cheaper so like i i i use the flyer to
buy my groceries typically they were on
sale two dollars a pizza i bought two of
them so i'll have two frozen pizzas for
meals this week
maybe it's just different how we buy
groceries i i typically will look at the
flyer what a [__] fascinating podcast
topic i look at the flyer once a week
and i buy off the flyer typically for
how i get groceries and playing with
that flyer from the grocery store i'll
go on their website and be like oh
what's the weekly flyer then i will buy
off of the flyer to get discounted do
they have a flyer that just tells you
what's on the end caps they don't
tragically i'd love that be great
savings maybe you should start an
independent newsletter that you can
distribute around your town that just
explains what the deals on end caps are
week to week
like a scouting report yeah kind of yeah
i mean as the guy who invented thank me
later i'm surprised that that's how you
use your freezer like the freeze is the
ultimate thank me later for food no
there are there are things for sure that
you know are just there and they exist
for a very long time and that's fine so
what's long term in your freezer
oh what's long term i don't uh probably
like frozen fruit so how did it end up
there did you intend to eat it within a
few days and then you just forgot or did
you buy it for later consumption
it's always like i either forgot or i
just haven't gotten around to it so like
something that would last a long time or
like if i buy a box of egg waffles or
something like that that will last a
while i'm not going to go through that
whole box in a week
but things that are like singular meal
items like a pizza those aren't those
aren't lasting long
yeah i guess we just shop differently i
buy frozen food and i like like i i'm
probably in like a week or two weeks or
three weeks i'm gonna be [__]
exhausted and not feel like cooking or
ordering or yeah i'll just pop this in
mine's for when like
in the future on an unknown date i'm
either gonna get back pretty late not
have enough time to make anything or
something and it's just like an
emergency meal for me that makes sense
it's a valid way to have it and ice
cream
you had any ice cream in your freezer
right now yeah i've got some uh dark why
would
what's your favorite flavor of ice cream
why was the ice cream part yeah that
broke you on this well i know i was just
fascinated with how you used your
freezer but now we're just talking about
what's in our freezers
i was curious what ice cream you had
uh i like the ones
yeah cookie dough is pretty good with
chocolate chips cookie dough is good
it's all about texture for me do you
have a brand choice probably ben ben and
jerry's ben and jerry's okay how about
you i like ben and jerry's ben and
jerry's is good i don't really have a
brand preference
as far as ice cream guess i will devour
ice cream in a [__] day ice cream is
not lasting long
ice cream is not a long-term item in my
freezer really i can't i can't i cannot
eat a lot at once i'm i'm i eat like an
inch of ice cream at a time cookie
two-step jeff just that's the [__] right
there that's your favorite ice cream
cookie two-step yeah when it's not full
of listeria they survive
i think the cookie two-step was a thing
i learned at the same place i learned
the sewing machine i think we would do
that after we'd start with this
step and then we would do the icky
cookie two step
still a half gallon it says on the front
i like that a lot the implication did
you hear i hear they may have gone below
the half gallon like they used to but no
let us clear the air still a half gallon
or like all the other brands did and
they just refuse
[Laughter]
i was like because you see that with
fast food ads all the time like wendy's
whole thing is never frozen beef right
like what are other companies doing that
how many other companies like it feels
like a weird
just declaring you're doing doing a
thing
that doesn't necessarily i guess the
assumption is all the other companies do
i know that monster munch
have i think on their packets have like
old
bit
new old size what was it
new old size oh
i remember this
because they made them smaller right
they made it smaller they made them big
again coming about they phrased it for
what what was the product monster mud
the crisps
okay i didn't know what they were though
like i knew the name of i've never heard
of a monster munch i'm gonna do some
googling there you go oh i have seen
those
pickled onion flavors yeah let's pick
pickle and then there's roast beef and
then there's flamin hot
there should be a company that does what
dvd companies do with with things on the
bag
i will only eat chips that are
entertaining and fun it's my only it's
my guideline for any snack
interactive menus didn't we talk about
monster munch recently on this podcast
no i i think so yeah we talked about
monster munch at large recently and i
think it was maybe when we were hanging
out outside of work
yeah so it says new
crossed out old and then it says bigger
like they used to be
what
on the top corner of that picture
new oh slash old
new so they made them smaller and then
everyone was like we hate it
so they made them bigger again oh so
that was their ca i get you're saying
the campaign was we we did it we we got
rid of a new
and that's the that's the multipack yeah
we're going to do a gauntlet of crisps i
think when we yeah we're going to do
like some sort of a taste test or
something is that not wrong does that
not ring a bell andrew
not at all to me
with emily with it with our our
significant others maybe maybe this was
a i don't know oh maybe it was when we
were having lunch after jet skiing that
would make sense maybe you're having
some chips
doing a ranking of them it might have
been yeah and then i was going to send
you both you and andrew all of the
crisps and you were going to do the
crisp gauntlet yeah i'd love to do that
yeah and then we were going to determine
once and for all what the best flavors
were roast beef flamin hot i feel like
roast beef probably
probably the best one of those ones i
think pickled onions the best i think i
gotta say man i think the
the munch sounds disgusting like every
flavor sounds like a flavor i wouldn't
want
but the packaging is adorable
you like the little monsters i love the
monsters i love the purple color and the
green monster i like the font it all
looks great i just i it loses me at
roast beef and pickled onion why aren't
onions called pickles
huh that's pickled
yeah but
so so pickles are cucumbers
yeah well
they're pickled cucumbers you know in
america they are and
they're called other stuff other places
like i think they call them gherkins
right kevin yeah yeah okay
but in america so a pickled so you have
a cucumber and you pickle it and now
it's just a pickle but you can pickle
all sorts of things you could pickle
onions that's true yeah i mean branston
pickles a bunch of pickle stuff what
would you choose out of these three
flavors of knickknacks andrew what you
got [__] you nice and spicy you got
scampi and lemon or ribbon saucy oh i
like my knickknacks scampi
what are these are these
chips they're knickknacks they're
knickknacks okay
we got a this is a thing we need to
pursue we haven't done a food thing in a
while on the show i'd love to do a deep
dive on chips u.s has the worst
they stink your flavors are terrible us
no variety what the [__] are you talking
about it's the worst you have such bland
limited flavors in america
yes sorry we don't have shrimp scampi
potato chips but it's because we have
some kind of [__]
jesus [__] christ we don't have roast
beef flavored potato chips because we
make roast beef here that's a i mean
like we don't need to make pickle we got
real flavors for real people that eat
real food
yeah but you have salt and vinegar so i
don't eat that [__]
okay fair enough
i just i whenever i'm in the us and i
look at the chip aisle it's always
disappointing typically i agree the us
has like more of everything but the chip
you guys are really lacking in the trip
department what about twiglets
that's a great name
that is a great name
i've never heard of a toilet
dude you gotta love twiglets what else
does jacob make other than twiglets
crackers
i don't know what a cracker is in your
country
shake yourself it's like is it like a
pair of boots
oh this is [__] stupid it is a dumb
conversation but i'm genuinely we need
to do the chip
thing i'm gonna get you both packages
how many bags of different flavors do
you think we should do
eight all of them
i should just try all the flavors right
all of ten
i don't yeah i don't know how to answer
and if we're gonna i mean i feel like we
should throw american chips in the way
too oh what [__] plain i think we're
good
we're good oh we could
you've obviously sir have never had
pizza flavored pringles
wow spicy exotic
all right spicy we'll just taste like
pizza let's prepare ten flavors from our
land well i hope something like that
i don't know
from barbecue flavors because that's all
we have uh eric and nick do you want to
try the uh wait what's that were you
talking about eating 30 chips
10 flavors each
yeah well how many chips are in a bag
well no i'm not saying like that doesn't
seem like a lot like you're all gonna
have to eat 30 different kinds of like
you're not going to get like run out of
steam by like 12 and you have 18 more
like you're having one chip i understand
i understand that but one chip 30 times
is
with the different flavors where you're
trying to like
drill down on them is like a lot that's
like a considerable like considerable
jeff am i wrong is 30.
i understand what he's saying but here's
i think it's i think it's necessary and
i and i think that we with the way we
need a palate cleanser we need to drink
some sprite or water or something in
between yeah because i think this is
just swallowed a quaver and uh
[Laughter]
it looks like old people toenails
these names are so [__] funny because
imagine having an argument as a kid
going i like twiglets and another kid i
like quavers yeah i like cheesy what's
it
[Laughter]
yeah sure yeah we're in
if it means i can have what sits in
flavors i can't wait here's what we
gotta do
uh this needs to be supplemental this
needs to be like the apple taste yes
it's too much for an episode of it
all right i need to know are what sits
always baked or is there a non-baked
version of a whatsapp
but the important thing is they're
really cheesy they're really cheesy but
no andrew is right though america has
like doritos it has plain
lays and it has sun chips and that's
what you get everywhere in every store
and there's no variation
it's pretty bland it's pretty bland
you never get the crazy like right now
our ladies is doing a uh
cheese and ketchup mashup is one of the
top flavors
that they're rotating in they always do
weird things i appreciate an odd chip
i also love this idea because i really
need things for my 20 000 item list and
this sounds like i got 30 right here
look we got we got i'm looking at
doritos flavors right now oh we got we
got spicy nacho we got flamin hot nachos
those are two different flavors
i will say got
spicy sweet chili there you go three
flavors right there that are all
essentially the same thing
backyard barbecue
do you ever the crisps that you would
make into a car and then eat
what
they're like little transfer
this is
you get the middle piece and then you
get little rings and you build it into a
small car and then you eat the whole lot
back i take back everything i said
defending our chips
[Music]
yeah i think i think you've won all of
us over with one [__] image dude yeah
i don't want to eat doritos i want to
eat a car
yeah i
i feel like so the way to do this is we
have to we'll secretly
create our collections and then maybe
like we open the box and reveal what
everybody put in it i don't know how to
logistically do this but i feel like
that's the funniest you've had several
spoilers for what's going to be in my
package oh man transfer i would do that
with bits and bytes myself but i never
had a brain like i would get the pretzel
stick and i put all the little cheerios
to fill the stick with it and then i'd
eat it once it was like a cheer uh
cheerio pretzel stick thing but i've
never seen so transform a snack why
don't we do this in person why don't we
make this the first in person thing i
mean that's so stuff so [__] far from
now but okay andrew when does the ankle
bracelet come off
uh
i don't know
i don't know the answer to that i'm not
you want me to travel to a different way
when is the arrangement snack
yeah why does this we did an apple
review not in person a thing i was much
more excited about where i couldn't eat
them
and you want you want to do transforms
why
this sounds really fun it does sound fun
i can't argue that that's a great point
i want a question i have a question for
you andrew okay
so given that canada
is kind of a
situated a country that's situated in it
kind of equally siphons off culture from
the uk and america
do you have 10 canadian potato chips
yeah for sure well not necessarily are
can we include like cheesies and that
type of thing as well what's cheesies
what's it like hawkins like a hawkins
cheesy i don't know what that is oh yeah
it's a community that's one right there
so that's
that's not see it's gonna come with nine
more is that like me saying can i use
frazzles
crispy bacon
[Music]
like nick's right it's like dog treats
why are they all named like this this is
the craziest [__] is there a way i
can take a was it into frazzle and put
wheels on the transformer snack on it oh
my god oh my god we can make the the
ultimate crisp wait it's like
is chester cheetah not a representative
of cheesies
what's cheesies
has nobody ever heard cheesies before no
dude chester cheetahs [__] cheetos no
no you're kid no
i i think i toomz to myself
did you mess up
i think i've tombst myself my entire
life are you deep in the cove what i
said
i said cheesies i was referencing a
chester cheetah product that you
certainly have the puffs
and then the hard we have we have cheese
puffs and those are cheetos i know
they're cheetos
the big ones are cheese puffs are
hawkins cheesies is that where i'm
did i i didn't invent cheesies and
hawkins cheesies
gavin's over here like
okay
what the [__] is that
that's not hawkins cds exist okay so i
got that's the mix-up i'm gonna be like
what
yeah
[Laughter]
i can't have that one oh that's funny it
is bert's chips this is great i'm
excited for this so wait you said
hawkins cheesies but then you said
chester cheetah and he's not on this
thing these little they're packaged in
the 1930s what is this this it's like
the top cheesy
what the [__] are you saying
how else would i describe those like
what type of snack is that is that a
corn based this looks like a snack you
would get at the at the zoo in 1912. nah
they're delicious they're incredible
like it looks like something you'd get
in a little league game in the 1980s
yeah
like you never wrote this under a big
top
completely right but they are incredible
i just don't know what to call the snack
what is a cheeto like what is the
general nerve like the general term
cheeto
yeah
yeah cheese puff a cheese puff so cheese
but they have puffs they have a puff
variety you're getting too granular it's
just cheese puff is the way to describe
it you're getting too granular you're
let's stop you before you go further
what's the best that's it doritos flavor
i'm not a doritos guy
what
i'm not a doritos guy what's regular the
the regular like nacho like default
nacho nacho cheese yeah yeah i think i i
really do think that's the best dorito
flavor
i think everything else is fine you
don't like cool original well but in
america we call that cool ranch yeah i
guess ranch i guess ranch isn't a flavor
in england so they
just call it original
original that's me i'm a dude original i
wonder if
i wonder if cool original doritos tastes
exactly like cool ranch street is or if
there is some sort of difference that's
what i bet they are the exact same but
that's worth testing yeah it is why do i
bring that from my land and you bring
cool ranch from your land
okay i'll bring up from my land which
you also live in yeah
i'll grab it from the grocery store that
we both go to
no i no i'm happy to do the work i just
thought it was interesting the way you
phrased it
as if we don't live three miles away
from each other that's true
nick posted his zaps earlier that is a
respectable us chip the voodoo flavors
are [__] great zaps are pretty good
i'll give zap some credit but we need to
do this you don't have miss vicki's no
we do but it's just they're fine they're
bland it's the same type of trip
[__] jalapeno chips are amazing yeah
they're pretty good jalapeno very
residue though really gotta wash your
hands after them yeah that's true that's
fair we should wrap up oh
lebron james flamin hot cheddar and sour
cream we have a whole evergreen division
of snacks here that are like sports
people snacks
but that's aliens that's a pretty good
one gavin yeah
what the [__] the [__]
go to flavor
notice says flamin hot cheddar and sour
cream by lebron james what creative
input do you think he had this well
according to the commercial because i've
seen it a thousand times during the
playoffs he ate a flaming hot ruffle and
he went this delicious and then he ate a
cheddar and sour cream uh ruffle and he
thought this is also delicious and then
he had like a light bulb over his head
and he put them both in his mouth at the
same time and ate it and then he said
i'm a genius and then i think he became
the creative director i regret asking
i'm pretty sure that's how that works
this is a weird episode but i enjoyed it
i had a good time that was strange this
is a strange one i'm just looking at
crisps i'm just so excited to make this
package this is the second perspective
the second episode is always weird man
it depends it's true
it's always something sometimes it's
sometimes it's amazing sometimes it's a
home run but it's never a home run in
the way you think it'll be
oh
man i
did you so gavin because now you wrap up
did you get to like the eight things
that you wanted to talk about
i mean we got through a few of them i
mean
what are you talking about we got
through a few of them
what we spent 25 minutes on chips and
you had notes to use
uh
jeff did you go through all your notes
no not at all i was looking through here
this is insane i i've got look my notes
guy found his baseball
i've got uh
socks i got tea towel
we don't need to recap all the things
we've talked about in the last few
things this is curious why are you
asking well because i was out of notes
and i assume we went 20 minutes on chips
because we were noteless at this point
no i think we were just really into no i
guess i got really good she's halfway
there but i got some i didn't get to
mainly because i don't understand them
uh tuna fish can spill in the sea what
does that mean
tuna fish can spit in the sea spill
spill
tuna fish that's a bill
in the c
yeah i don't know what that is but that
was you should here you when you write
down a note you should write the date
next to it so you can at least narrow it
down to what you're doing in the world i
had uh
uh this is a good one after our after
the the pool party for my birthday we
had and we had so much fun with the
rings and stuff and we'll cover this
later but i i was thinking
i think the time is right
for us to invent the new like the new
hot pool game like marco polo's old it's
tired i think i think that
but and i was thinking we could combine
it with swans
i don't know what this is but i wrote
down swan king of the hill so like maybe
there's something there
or we could investigate something else
so that's something we can talk about
later and we talked about the tuxedo dvd
cover or something
oh uh i have a new business idea that we
can talk about later where you uh then i
think you'll really like andrew i think
it's aligned with some of your stuff and
uh there's two different angles of that
i don't go too far okay yeah this is a
nice teaser for for an upcoming episode
uh but definitely have two products we
can sell that i think we'll do really
well uh talked about the corn dog update
bean hole days
checked on gavin cpap farts uh oh death
diving i want to talk to you guys about
death diving have you seen it no have
you seen it we'll get are you guys
familiar we'll save it for a few
episodes i think i see a sport that is
perfect for us to compete in
oh i'm excited should i research this
between episodes i would appreciate if
you didn't okay
and then you can see there's a long way
to say no you could have just didn't
know
well you know i'm a little more florid
with my speak uh i uh
yeah i i actually found it through the
community it was on the subreddit
somebody posted a link to it and then i
spent all night watching death diving
videos i think it's i think it's right
up our alley awesome and i think that we
will probably find ourselves in norway
next year at the depth diving uh
competition as long as it doesn't
overlap with bean fest
no bean days bean day is the priority
bean hold day's priority yeah for sure
dude i want to get gavin crown the bean
king
i would love that
yeah we'll have to make better beans for
that
uh i guess we probably stopped though
huh yep yeah
all right well i always hate to stop
bye skips prawn cocktail what does that
say light and multi multi that's
disgusting no light and melty light and
melty
yeah dude i'm getting [__] my eyes
are getting old
that light and so the chips melt
they melt on your tongue
with a prawn flavor
[__] disgusting
uh i think we lost andrew at some point
okay thanks for listening uh to another
episode of the face podcast uh if you
enjoyed it please tell a friend uh or an
acquaintance or an enemy if you've ever
met somebody else on the planet earth
let them know about our podcast there's
seven and a half billion people who are
currently alive most of them have years
most of them aren't using them for this
and we really would appreciate it if
they did and uh i guess gavin and andrew
i won't see you guys for a while so it
was nice hanging out for a little bit
gavin if i see you in public somewhere
i'd appreciate it at least a nod i'll
definitely give you a nod and about
thanks bye
hey guys major league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
what a shocker the guys haven't recorded
yet again so here are a few predictions
for you the tuxedo isn't in great
condition eric gets frustrated by patton
jeff doesn't want to hit any more balls
jack gets promoted again does anyone
remember when andrew was going to become
a basket weaver gavin forgot to hit
record and once again andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's episode of face
you